(PIE-265) refactor docs (#43)
puppetlabs/puppetlabs-splunk_hec: docs/custom_installation.md

## Custom Installation
--------------------

> __If you are installing this module using a control-repo, you must have splunk_hec in your production environment's Puppetfile so the puppetserver process can load the libraries it needs properly. You can then create a feature branch to enable them and test the configuration, but the libraries must be in production otherwise the feature branch wont work as expected.__

Author: I believe so, but I'll check with @mrzarquon .

> __If you are installing this module using a control-repo, you must have splunk_hec in your production environment's Puppetfile so the puppetserver process can load the libraries it needs properly. You can then create a feature branch to enable them and test the configuration, but the libraries must be in production otherwise the feature branch wont work as expected.__

Author: Yes, this does apply to whatever environment that the master is in.

> __If you are installing this module using a control-repo, you must have splunk_hec in your production environment's Puppetfile so the puppetserver process can load the libraries it needs properly. You can then create a feature branch to enable them and test the configuration, but the libraries must be in production otherwise the feature branch wont work as expected.__

Reviewer: Something like the following may help to make it clear for that use case.

```suggestion
__If you are installing this module using a control-repo, you must have splunk_hec in your production environment's Puppetfile so the puppetserver process can load the libraries it needs properly. You can then create a feature branch to enable them and test the configuration, but the libraries must be in production otherwise the feature branch won't work as expected. If your puppetserver is in a different environment, please add this module to the Puppetfile in that environment as well__
```

The steps below will help install and troubleshoot the report processor on a single Puppet Master, including manual steps to configure a puppet-server, and to use the included splunk_hec class. Because one is modifying production machines, these steps allow you to validate your settings before deploying the changes live. See the tl,dr; instructions for 

1. Install the Puppet Report Viewer Addon in Splunk. This will import the needed sourcetypes to configure Splunk's HTTP Endpoint Collector (HEC) and provide a dashboard that will show the reports once they are sent to Splunk.

2. Create a Splunk HEC Token or use an existing one that sends to main index and does not have acknowledgement enabled. Follow the steps provided by Splunk's [Getting Data In Guide](http://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/latest/Data/UsetheHTTPEventCollector) if you are new to HTTP Endpoint Collectors.

3. Install this Puppet module in the environment that manages your Puppet Servers are using (probably `production`)

> 4. Run `puppet plugin download` on your Puppet Server to sync the content

Reviewer: We have some reports that the permissions of the plugin sync'ed files may be causing issues if they have a restrive `umask`. This only happens with `puppetserver` as it is run with the `pe-puppet` user and may not have read/execute on those files. Maybe we could have them run `(umask 022 && puppet plugin download)`

Author: We can definitely add a note suggesting users run `umask 022`

Reviewer: A note about the umask would be great. An addition to the troubleshooting section would help for people that are hitting this issue.

  - You can add 'timeout' as an optional parameter, default value is 1 second for both open and read sessions, so take value x2 for real world use
  - Provide a `pe_console` value that is the hostname for the Puppet Enterprise Console, which Splunk can use to lookup further information if the installation is a multimaster setup (it is best practice to set this if you're anticipating scaling out more masters in the future).

  ```
---
"url" : "https://splunk-dev.testing.local:8088/services/collector"
"token" : "13311780-EC29-4DD0-A796-9F0CDC56F2AD"
```

6. Run `puppet apply -e 'notify { "hello world": }' --reports=splunk_hec` from the Puppet Server, this will load the report processor and test your configuration settings without actually modifying your Puppet Server's running configuration. If you are using the Puppet Report Viewer app in Splunk then you will see the page update with new data. If not, perform a search by the sourcetype you provided with your HEC configuration.

7. If configured properly the Puppet Report Viewer app in Splunk will show 1 node in the Overview tab.

> 8. Now it is time to roll these settings out to the fleet of to the Puppet Masters in the installation. For Puppet Enterprise users: 

Reviewer: How does this apply when using HA in PE? Do they need to configure this on the replica as well?

Author: Yep, it will need to be configured on the replica as well.

Reviewer: Would you mind putting in a note about adding it to the `PE HA Replica` node group if HA is enabled?

	- Navigate to Classification -> PE Infrastructure -> PE Master
	- Select Configuration
	- Press Refresh to ensure the splunk_hec class is loaded
	- Add new class `splunk_hec`
	- From the `Parameter name` select atleast `url` and `token` and provide the same attributes from the testing configuration file
	- Optionally set `enable_reports` to `true` if there isn't another component managing the servers reports setting, otherwise manually add `splunk_hec` to the settings as described in the manual steps
	- Commit changes and run Puppet. It is best to navigate to the PE Certificate Authority Classification gorup and run Puppet there first, before running Puppet on the remaining machines

> 9. For Inventory support in the Puppet Report Viewer, see the [Fact Terminus Support](#fact-terminus-support)

Reviewer: I think this link may no longer work with the breakout of the docs.

Author: fixed

### Manual steps:

- Add `splunk_hec` to `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/puppet.conf` reports line under the master's configuration block

```
[master]
node_terminus = classifier
storeconfigs = true
storeconfigs_backend = puppetdb
reports = puppetdb,splunk_hec
```

> - Restart the puppet-server process for it to reload the configuration and the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart the `pe-puppetserver` process for it to reload the configuration and the plugin
```

Author: fixed.

> - Run `puppet agent -t` somewhere, if you are using the suggested name, use `source="http:puppet-report-summary"` in your Splunk search field to show the reports as they arrive

Reviewer: Is this for any random agent to test with?

```suggestion
- Run `puppet agent -t` on an agent, if you are using the suggested name, use `source="http:puppet-report-summary"` in your Splunk search field to show the reports as they arrive
```

Author: fixed
